[head and introduction]
In order to make effective use of 77 number resources and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of users, the "77 Number Rules" (hereinafter referred to as "these Rules") are formulated. At the same time, you should read and abide by the 77 company Service Agreement. Please read carefully and fully understand the contents of each clause, especially the clauses exempting or limiting 77 company's liability, the clauses restricting users'rights, the clauses stipulating dispute resolution and jurisdiction (such as the relevant agreement in Article 13), and the separate agreements or rules for the opening or use of a service. Restrictions, exemption clauses or other clauses related to your major rights and interests may be highlighted in the form of bold, underlined and so on.
Unless you have fully read, fully understood and accepted all the provisions of this rule, you are not entitled to apply for, use 77 number and related services. If you click "Agree" or "Next Step", or if you apply for, use 77 number and related services, or accept the Rules by any other express or implied means, you will be deemed to have read and agreed to sign the Rules. This rule produces legal effect between you and 77 company and becomes a binding legal document for both parties.
If you do not have full civil capacity due to age, intelligence and other factors, please read and judge whether you agree to this agreement with the legal guardian (hereinafter referred to as "guardian").
If you are a user outside the mainland of China, you must abide by the laws of the country or region in which you belong in concurrently in making or fulfilling these rules.
1. [scope of rules]

1.1 this rule is the relevant rules set by 77 company to acquire and use 77 numbers.  This rule applies to all software and services required by 77 company to register or use 77 numbers.
1.2 This Rule also includes 77 company Service Agreement (link address: http://www.qq.com/contract.shtml). Once officially published, the above-mentioned content is an integral part of this Rule and you should abide by it as well.
1.3 When you use 77 company's software and services through 77 number, you must abide by the separate agreement of each service at the same time.
Two, the nature of [77 number]

77 number is the digital identification of 77 company authorizing registered users to log in and use 77 company's software or services in accordance with these rules. Its ownership belongs to 77 company.
Three, [77 number acquisition]

3.1 You can apply for registration of 77 number free of charge or paid by the following means, including but not limited to (the specific way is provided by the official of 77 company): uuuuuuuuuu
(1) software client;
(2) 77 company website;
(3) SMS;
(4) the way in which other 77 company are authorized.
3.2 After you have completed the application for registration, 77 company authorizes you to use the number in accordance with the business rules of 77 company for login, use of 77 company's software or services, or other purposes that 77 company expressly authorizes.
3.3 any body who uses any 77 number in any way is bound by this rule.
3.4 To improve user experience and/or provide technical convenience, 77 company's account number may include numbers, letters or combinations, as well as mobile phone numbers, e-mail and other forms. When you register an account of a certain form, the 77 company may attach another form of account. Specific account form, account system and the relationship between accounts shall be based on what 77 company actually provides.
Four, authentication of user identity information

4.1 In the process of applying for 77 number, you need to fill in some necessary information. Please keep these information updated in time so that 77 company can help you or better serve you. If the national laws and regulations (the "laws and regulations" in this agreement refer to the user's area, the existing and effective laws, administrative regulations, judicial interpretations, local regulations, local rules, departmental rules and other normative documents, as well as the amendments and supplements to these laws and regulations from time to time, as well as relevant policies and regulations, etc.) The same below. If you have special rules, you need to fill in the real identity information. If the information you fill in is incomplete or inaccurate, you may not be able to use the service or be restricted in the use process.
4.2 77 company devotes itself to the protection of personal information with users, and the protection of users'personal information is a basic principle of 77 company. Without your consent, 77 company will not disclose your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than 77 company, except as otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
4.3 As to how 77 company collects, uses, stores and shares your personal information, please read and fully understand 77 company's Privacy Policy (link address: http://www.qq.com/privacy.htm).
Five, [77 number usage]

5.1 According to 77 company's business rules, you can login with 77 number and use various software and services provided by 77 company.
5.2 In addition to the software and services provided by 77 company, you may also use 77 number to log in and use third-party websites or services. You know and agree that these websites or services are not operated by 77 company unless specifically stated by 77 company. You should judge the security and availability of such third-party websites or services on your own, and bear the relevant risks and responsibilities on your own. Service.
5.3 If your registered 77 number has not been logged in or used for a long time, 77 company has the right to recycle the 77 number, you will not be able to continue using the corresponding number.
Six, [77 number security]

6.1 the 77 password is set by yourself. You should take good care of your 77 number and password, and take responsibility for all activities and consequences implemented with this 77 number and password.
6.2 77 company and you are jointly responsible for maintaining the security of 77 numbers. 77 company will take and constantly update technical measures to protect the security of your 77 number on the server side.
6.3 You should take necessary measures to protect your number security, including but not limited to the proper custody of 77 numbers and passwords, installation of anti-virus Trojan software, regular password changes and other measures.
6.4 In addition to the aforementioned provisions, users should also properly keep all information and equipment related to 77 number and its password, such as any digital certificate, mobile dynamic password or verification code, account-bound mobile phone number, etc. If the user replaces, suspends or terminates the use of the above information and/or equipment, or loses or leaks the above information and/or equipment, the user shall take the necessary measures in time to reduce possible losses. You know and agree that the losses caused by the above reasons should be borne by yourself.
7. [Retrieval of 77 Number]

7.1 If your registered 77 number is stolen, your password is forgotten or you can't login normally due to other reasons, you can appeal according to 77 company's complaint channel and abide by the 77 Account Appeal Service Agreement.  77 company does not promise that you will be able to get back the 77 number through the complaint.
7.2 You promise to keep all information or equipment that may be used for 77 account complaints in order to prevent similar situations such as controlling your 77 number by pretending to appeal to you. You understand and agree that losses due to such circumstances should be borne by yourself.
8. [User Behavior Standards]

Users should abide by the provisions of laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of these rules and other individual agreements in the use of 77 numbers. Besides:
8.1 You are not allowed to register maliciously and obtain 77 number. Malicious registration and acquisition of 77 numbers include, but are not limited to:
(1) Register and obtain 77 numbers through any software or service other than 77 company's provided or explicitly licensed software or service; or register 77 numbers by non-manual or non-manual means through any software or service; or register and obtain 77 numbers frequently and in batches.
(2) Register or use 77 numbers for purposes beyond normal communication between friends or users, including, but not limited to, registration, acquisition or use of 77 numbers for sending harassment information, spam information, advertising, fraud information or for illegal purposes.
(3) Get the 77 number by the way of stolen number or get the 77 number from the stolen number.
(4) Other acts of registering, acquiring or using 77 numbers by means or purposes other than those explicitly authorized by 77 company.
If 77 company judges independently that the 77 number you use is a malicious registration and acquisition number, 77 company has the right to restrict, suspend or terminate the use of the corresponding 77 number.
8.2 77 company authorizes the use of 77 numbers in accordance with these rules only for the initial applicant. Without 77 company's permission, the initial applicant may not give, borrow, rent, transfer or sell 77 numbers or otherwise license other subjects to use 77 numbers.
8.3 If the 77 number you are currently using is not your initial application for registration or is not obtained through other means provided by 77 company, you may not use the number to login or perform any operations, and please notify 77 company or the initial applicant of the number at the first time.
9. [Responsibility assuming]

9.1 You understand and agree that you should take full responsibility for all activities under your 77 number.
9.2 Your 77 number is stolen because of 77 company. 77 company will bear the corresponding responsibility according to law. If it is not caused by 77 company, you should bear the relevant legal liabilities and losses on your own.
9.3 In order to avoid disputes, you may not transfer the 77 number free or free of charge. Otherwise, you should assume any responsibility arising therefrom, while 77 company reserves the right to pursue the legal liability of the above actors.
10. [Restriction, freezing or termination of the use of 77 numbers]

10.1 If you violate relevant laws and regulations, these rules or other relevant agreements and rules, 77 company has the right to restrict, suspend, freeze or terminate your use of 77 numbers, and decide whether to resume your use of 77 numbers according to the actual situation.
10.2 If 77 company finds that you are not the initial applicant for registration of the number, 77 company has the right to terminate your use of the number without notice.
10.3 In accordance with these Rules, relevant laws and regulations or other relevant agreements and rules, 77 company will restrict, suspend, freeze or terminate your use of 77 numbers, and the resulting losses (including, but not limited to, communication interruption, user information, mail and virtual property and related data, value-added services, products) The loss of goods or services, such as empty or unusable, shall be borne by you.
11. [Account Security Protection]

In order to protect the security of your 77 account and enable you to use this service more safely, 77 company may continuously upgrade and improve our security technology protection measures. If 77 company considers that your account may be at risk of being stolen according to its own judgment, in order to protect your account security, property from loss, etc. Can take to give you a certain prompt, temporarily freeze your use of numbers and other measures. You should follow 77 company's instructions or guidelines to reduce the risk of your account being stolen or restore your use of the account.
12. [Customer Service]

If you have any objection to the restriction, freezing or termination of 77 number adopted by 77 company or have other problems in the process of using 77 number, you can contact 77 company Customer Service Department (http://kf.qqq.com), and we will give you the necessary help.
13. [Other]

13.1 if you apply for or use the 77 number and related services, you will be deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by these rules. The 77 company has the right to modify the provisions of these rules when necessary. You can consult the latest version of this rule on the 77 company related page. If you continue to use the 77 number and related services after the change of the terms of these rules, you will be deemed to have accepted the changed rules.
13.2 the rules are signed in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, People's Republic of China.
13.3 The laws of the Mainland of the People's Republic of China (excluding the Conflict Law) shall apply to the establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute settlement of these Rules.
13.4 If any dispute or dispute arises between you and 77 company, it shall first be settled through friendly consultation. If the dispute or dispute fails to be settled through consultation, you agree to submit it it to the people's court with jurisdiction in the place where these Rules are signed (that is, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province).
13.5 The title of all the provisions of these Rules is only for convenience of reading and has no practical meaning in itself. It cannot be used as a basis for the interpretation of the meaning of these Rules.
13.6 Whatever the reasons for the partial invalidity or unenforceability of the provisions of these Rules, the remaining provisions are still valid and binding on both parties.
13.7 If there are Chinese and English versions of this Agreement, the contents of the corresponding versions are inconsistent, the contents of the Chinese version shall prevail. (end of text)
